# Credit-One
 Data Science with Python 2020

Guido Rossum, Senior Data Scientist, at Credit One asked us to begin a new data science project using Python. Our first step will be to define this problem within a specific framework before using our own working environment and Python to begin to solve the problem. 

Over the past year or so Credit One has seen an increase in the number of customers who have defaulted on loans they have secured from various partners, and Credit One, as their credit scoring service, could risk losing business if the problem is not solved right away. The bottom line is Credit One neesd a much better way to understand how much credit to allow someone to use. They have enlisted the help of our Data Science team to design and implement a creative, empirically sound solution. It is very important that we all understand from the start that this is not a typical data analytics problem as we have been given full authority to solve this problem with whatever tools and methods we need. As such we've elected to use Python and a few different libraries to do the heavy lifting for us. We'll be using a few main libraries for the bulk of our work, but will not limit ourselves to only using those - we will investigate other libraries that may  contribute to the best solution. 
 
Our first need is to define the problem within a data science framework and understand the differences between what we been doing with data analytics and what we're going to be doing in this project with data science. Then, we will use our local programming environment to do our work without needing to be in one space or another to have access to the tools we need, before finally starting the analysis and solving this problem. We have some historical data that we will be using for this task. We will use it to focus on understating the problem and getting our environment ready for the task. We will provide a report on our experience and understanding of the problem.
